Two of them. And the part of the retinues, also the retinues of the origin of the Sambhogakaya
and the Buddhas, are all great bodhisattvas. There is no "that is not great bodhisattvas".
So that means those great retinues are above the seven bodhisattvas, above the seven bodhisattvas.
Almost they are going to get enlightened. And the ten bodhisattvas, you heard these ten bodhisatt
vas,
ten bodhisattvas, eight bodhisattvas, nine bodhisattvas, ten bodhisattvas. They are
surrounded by with that bodhisattvas. So the part of the retinues. And the part of the
teaching or the certainty teaching, that means always like that. There is nothing that is going
to be not like that. And the certain teaching, always teaching on the Mahayana.
Teachings on the Mahayana. Absolute teaching of the Mahayana, all the Vedayana teachings,
teachings, always the highest teachings. So that is certain. And then certain time, the teaching,
that is also always that teaching is continuing. Not just only once and a while,
the teaching is continuing. Unstoppable states. So that is really about the general explanation
of the Sambhagayas, five certainties. Now this applies to our mind, our nature of the mind.
Or here, this is our nature applying, that this nature is as a display of the
subcontinent present five certainties states. Duality in the display of certain spirit states.
And now the part of the place for this. Where this, again if I talk with this,
what is the part of the places of this? This time is also same way as
generally part of the place. But this time is perfect place which is beyond the conceptions.
Consumption, there is no any kind, like as here, say here. This is the place. The essence is the
beginning of this, this teaching. The essence is primordial, unchanging, changing, peripheral
elaborations. That in a place known as the Darmadattu places. Perfectly that Darmadattu
beyond the conception, beyond the publication, beyond any change, feel from beginning state.
That great openness, that great empathy, that great freedom state is the perfect place.
Perfect certainty places. Certain place of certainty. And what is the teacher there?
Who leaves the teacher? The original Buddha. Here, again, who dwells as a youthful vast body.
The original people performed clarity. As in this, again, age 60, if we look the second
and third line here, dwells as youthful. That youthful vast body is the original Buddha.
And he is embodied of the three Gaius. Embodiment of three Gaius. This youthful body. That means,
again, our inner nature, your inner nature, which is embodiment of three Gaya,
named as beautiful vast body in the Dzogki teaching, many times. Many times, it is also named as
Southbound Vostas. Southbound Vostas, any natural, regular nature. That is the great regular
teacher.
Teacher, great primordial Buddha, which is residing right in your heart center.
Central and central of the Dharma Tao, where there's any beyond any publication places,
residing right there, right here, with you. That is certain teaching.
Teaching. And now, who was the surrounded by this?
These teachers, part of the retinas, or the certain retinas. This certain retinas is the
display of these primordial Buddhas. Buddha, all the five Vostas, and five Vostas, and display of
the five Vostas. Sparkling of the five Vostas. Glory, shining of the five Vostas. That is
surrounded by these primordial Buddhas. This primordial Buddha of the youthful vast body,
or Southbound Vostas. What are five Vostas? Many of you know already, but few of you don't know.
I will again talk about this.